Okay, buddy?
Yes.
So let's go to this part, which is flowers, the part that we've discussed.
And it's very easy.
It's not that tough because.
We have to apply a normal recursive relation in this case, which is nothing, just like problem in
scoring the brute force part.
Right?
So let's stick and as an input then we have an eddy of heights and we have an array of beauties and
it's utterly record beating.
Okay.
Let's stick and see.
Similarly, let's take AA as an input.
Well.
Not extremely deep values.
So here, what we can do is it's.
Have a double for loop.
Great.
So, David, start from zero and give it a good lesson.
Right.
That's what this say, is it Jesus and I edges less than AJ and be raised max of the produced +88.
So yeah so what we have is we have each of these less than edge of i.e. that means if the beauty value
of AJ the other index is less than the current index, then that can be a valid extender, right?
That can be a valid index that I'm looking for.
Eight.
So what.
I'll have you.
I'll have if I use max of.
BP, i.e. whatever the value was failing.
Okay.
So we will look at that later.
The deep if I.
Well, this is the normal recursive relation that we define and we are trying to figure it out.
Okay.
What should be the DPA value here?
Fill it with zero.
If I fill it with zero and let's say there were no elements which were smaller, it means there was
no such d which was smaller than AGI.
That means there was no ending.
The answer would be zero, but it should not be delayed.
If there is no ending that it's getting, it can start its own meaning.
If it not if it's not getting any ending, it has to start with its own beauty, right?
It can of like the maximum ending that can provide it for itself.
So it should be instead of zero.
It should be.
Cool.
And finally, what's the answer?
It is the maximum element.
Of GDP.
If sick what we are getting.
Okay.
So it's correct in this case, let's say, for this case.
Well.
31 again.
Eight.
So, shall we submit the solution?
If someone disillusioned, this should not work.
Why?
Because.
Of the constraints of an eight.
All the major edge are distinguished.
You can see that and it's quite big.
And what's the complexity of this solution?
This coalition has in woven square complexity, because this starts from zero.
This goes to like when is equal to one day has one iteration.
If I is equal to two just to iteration, if I go through three days, three duration and so on.
So when Daisy goes to in I so the idea was to end or end minus one day will have an minus one iteration.
So what is the total number of operations for?
Jay It is one to represent 1 billion minus one, which is kind of N squared complexity theta.
So this work.
Now what to do?
This is a brute force solution.
And of course, we can not even optimize it for the like.
Memories of something to it.
Nothing like that, right?
Because of the inside loop, I have to optimize the inside loop.
What am I doing is I am trying to find maximum.
You know, certain range which is from zero to I that is left off.
I am trying to find maximum of deep values which are field eight and I want to find the maximum in less
time.
Not of nodding off in time, but I want to find it maximum in less time.
It can be all one.
It can be.
Log in can be any day to some of you.
My writing and thinking about advances that I structure that we can use here.
But again, we have another problem.
That is the second problem here.
What is the second problem that I want to find?
Maximum of somebody bit on the left of it.
But I have another condition that.
Okay, give me maximum of only those.
Index is such that this lesson which is on the left of I and edge of this lesson.
It's a.
Right.
So if I want to find Maxim of a particular range and obtain the value also, then how will I get it?
By using segment rate, I can easily use segment segments here to in the mix, but the second problem
cannot be solved using segment.
Second problem is that find a maximum of only those whose active users is going to take.
Hey, so think about this.
How will you be able to solve this problem?
The second one, and then we'll discuss this in the next video tutorial.
That particular approach, which I'll be explaining to you in the next part.
That will help you in many places like it will help you solve many problems in a very easy way.
So think about this for a time and like, how will you solve this second condition?
You can find some axiom that's not an issue using segment.
You can just one query.
You can also update the DPA values every time you leave.
And I just update the DPA values so that from 0 to -1, we have already been 58.
But how do you find the maximum of only those indexes, whether this resonating?
Let's discuss it in the next part.
Thank you.
Is.